By using this Workbook, you are agreeing to the Disclaimer presented below and on the website, found here. All material has been created with the careful consideration of, and ensuring compliance with PMI’s Code of Ethics and Professional Conduct. Remember, only the Project Management Institute, Inc has the authority to post and distribute CAPM® Exam & PMP® Exam Questions from actual exams. All content within this document is for informational & educational purposes only, and all practice questions in this workbook were carefully developed by the author to ensure the most accurate information regarding project management. To the author’s knowledge, these practice questions have not been duplicated from other project management sources, online websites, or textbooks. Additionally, this is NOT a test bank of CAPM® Exam or PMP® Exam Questions. These practice questions DO NOT REPRESENT the actual Exam Questions which you would see on the actual CAPM® Exam or PMP® Exam, and are to be used ONLY as a REFERENCE for your own study journey. All information in this workbook does not guarantee an explicit or implicit likelihood of success or guarantee towards passing the PMP® or CAPM® Exam. All information should be used as a study tool and reference only while studying for the PMP® and CAPM® exam. Therefore, if you wish to apply any of the ideas, concepts, or guidelines here, you take full responsibility for your actions. By reading this publication, you agree that the author will not be held liable or responsible for your actions related to the information presented in this guide; and, the author will not be held liable and/or responsible for any damages or loss (directly or indirectly) as a result of your use of this workbook Additionally, the author is not a PMI REP (Registered Education Provider). Lastly, you should consult with your official project management textbook or latest standard from the Project Management Institute, Inc for the most up-to-date, accurate, and correct information.
